So now that we added CSS properties, we're done for this module. It was quite a large module with a lot
of exciting content covered.
You learned a lot about advanced features that help you send HTTP requests here with the fetch
API but you could use any HTTP library for that,
you learned about the lifecycle of a component and how you can use the different hooks like
componentDidLoad to for example load some initial value.
You learned about watching properties and reacting to changes to them, to for example fetch data
again. You learned about the listen decorator and you learned about custom events in stencil which
you can emit, which helps you pass data round to your main application or between components if you want
to
and you learned cool things about styling, like using host data for styling your component and adding
conditional classes to your host element for example and how to also use CSS properties in stencil
components.
Now it's always all about practicing so I can only encourage you to do that,
build more components with all these cool features
but I hope that this already gives you a lot of nice insights into what's possible and what you can
do to build powerful and reusable web components.